[EDU-5876] Refactor: update Edge Firewall integrations guides (#1412)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/send-event-endpoint.mdx

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
1. Select the **Rules Engine** tab.
2. Click the **+ Rule Engine** button.
3. Give a name to the rule.
4. Select a *criteria* to run and catch the domains that you want to run the integration on.
  - Example: if `Host` *matches* `yourdomain.com`.
5. Below, select a *behavior* to the *criteria*. In this case, it'll be **Run Function**. 

>     - Select the adequate function according to the name you gave it in the instantiate step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select the adequate function according to the name you gave it during the instantiation step.
```

6. Click the **Save** button.

> On the Console, you must now configure your domain so it is protected by your Edge Firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Console, you must now configure your domain so your edge firewall protects it.
```

7. On the **Products menu**, select **Domains**.
8. Click on the domain you want to protect with your Send Event to Endpoint function.

> 9. In the **Settings** section, click on the `Edge Firewall` selector and choose the Edge Firewall you've just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. On the Console, you must now configure your domain so your edge firewall protects it.
```
